You're going to survive.
Hey.
You hear me?
You're gonna be fine.
My leg.
It really hurts.
Yeah.
Yeah. I bet it does.
but listen. I mean it.
Everything is gonna be A-OK.
My God. I'm so cold.
Yeah. well. I'm sure you are.
I'm getting a little
chilly myself.
You've been out here a
lot longer than I have.
Your heart rate's beating
double time. Jessica.
Your name is Jessica. right?
Uh. Jesse.
Jesse. Well. that's a good name.
I'm Colter. by the way. Hi.
Hi. Well. Jesse.
what I think we're
dealing with here
is a good old-fashioned
case of mild hypothermia.
You know. I actually
had a friend
named Jesse when I
was... was a kid.
He was a boy Jesse.
though. not a girl Jesse.
Plus. he was a goat.
A goat?
Yeah. yeah. I had kind of a
kind of a weird childhood.
Oh... oh. my God. Okay. no.
no. no. no. Hey. hey. hey.
Don't look at your leg.
Look at me. Look at me.
Okay? What I need you to
do right now is not panic.
One thing my dad taught me.
besides how to track
animals and people
which is how I found
you. by the way
is how to survive.
And how you survive
is A. you make quick.
smart decisions.
and B. you remain calm.
You never let panic
take the wheel.
Never. You don't
look at your leg.
okay? You look at me.
or you close your
eyes if you need to.
Do you need to?
Yeah. Okay.
Can we just stay here?
Stay here? Yeah.
I mean. I guess...
I guess we could stay
here. we could wait
for a rescue team to come
and airlift you out of
here on a stretcher.
Careful. Careful.
But this little
excursion you went on
just. it's a little
off the beaten path.
you know what I mean? So...
I think we're talking
maybe five hours?
Four. best-case scenario?
Meanwhile. that mild hypothermia
becomes less and less mild.
So. we stay.
I put your odds of survival.
leg intact. 15 to 20%.
But. but... Jesse. hey.
But if you let me
stabilize your injury
and carefully carry
you out of here.
those odds for you and
your leg. they go way up.
T-They do?
They do. I'm talking 90. 95%.
I'm gonna scoop you up. okay?
Okay. Okay. All right.
Here we go. Thank you.
You're gonna survive.
You're gonna be A-OK.
I'm gonna survive.
Let's get you home.
Come on. Okay.
I told her. you know.
It's too risky. Hmm.
Told her. "You're not ready
for a multiday hike."
I said. "There aren't
enough resupply points."
But Jesse. you know.
she's... Badass.
She's a brave badass who
wandered a little off course.
Happens to the best of us.
Well. I don't know
how to repay you.
Just the reward money's fine.
I believe it was 50 grand?
Right. Yeah. no. Of course. man.
Cash is always welcome.
I also take checks.
Venmo. if that's easier.
No. it's just. uh. I got to
check in with Jesse's parents.
Uh. the reward was my idea.
but they said they'd cover it
if. you know... when
someone collected.
Well. as we discussed.
Derek. a reward
becomes a binding contract
at the moment of success.
so... Mm-hmm.
Jesse's parents. you say?
Mm-hmm.
Well. let's give 'em a call.
Hey. that was a quick one.
Sometimes the gods
are with us. Velma.
How are things in Denver?
You collect or what?
Yes. Teddi. I collected.
Cash?
Uh... Visa.
What did I tell you
on the credit cards?
We get killed on fees.
You know what. hon. could
you give him a break?
He did just save a girl's life.
I know. very proud.
et cetera. Visa...
Avert your eyes. ladies.
Please.
I'm putting aside a
grand of this haul
for maintenance. We're
coming up on 10.000 miles
since you took that truck in.
Truck's running
great. Teddi. Yeah.
'Cause I make you take
the damn thing in.
No. Absolutely not.
I told you we cannot...
She's a rescue.
Her name is Pawla.
Like "Paw-la." We
don't need another dog.
Don't you get it? We
It's too many dogs. Colter.
is there such a thing
as too many dogs?
Ladies. you got a
new job or what?
I'm working on it.
Okay. VELMA: Hey. Colter.
Someone called for
you. Wasn't for a job.
Uh. he said it was
an old friend from...
Wait. wait. wait. What was
that? Oh. Devil's Notch.
- Devil's Notch. that's it.
- Yeah.
You want his number?
It is. uh. 682-555...
He called you? Yeah.
He said he was trying you
but you weren't answering.
Did you tell him how to find me?
Come on. Colter.
You know me better than that.
If he calls again. ignore it.
Well. Someone's in a mood.
Hello?
Got a pen?
$20.000 offered for information
leading to the safe return
of Gilbert Brown. age 14.
Believed to be in the company
of noncustodial parent
Edward Brown.
Subject last seen
Friday morning.
outside the family home
in Klamath Falls. Oregon.
Reward offered by the
mother and stepfather.
Sarah and Mark Riley.
Look. no offense. it's just...
You've gotten a lot of
calls about the reward.
Yeah. one guy said Gil is
back on his home planet.
Let me guess... he
still wanted the money.
Yeah. That's not my deal.
Okay? I'm a professional.
This is how I make my living.
I earn rewards that are posted
by police or by citizens.
Sort of an unusual
job. though. isn't it?
I find it to be
steady work. sir.
Everyone's looking
for something.
Sounds cool.
It is cool. actually. Very cool.
So. uh.
I take no fees. no expenses.
and a reward becomes a binding
contract only in success.
Sound good?
Okay.
You say Gil is with his
birth father. right?
Yeah.
But Eddie isn't a part
of Gil's life anymore.
We split when Gil was five. and
we haven't had any
contact with him since.
None?
Yeah. Right. Zero.
Zero.
Gil ever ask about him?
Yeah. sure. he does. but
we tell him the truth:
We don't know where Eddie
is or what he's doing.
Yeah. his lifestyle
is not something
that Gil needs to be exposed to.
To be clear. I wasn't married
to. like. a murderer.
or something. it was
just a lot of
drugs. petty theft.
You know Juul.
the-the vapes? Mm.
Eddie did six months for
robbing a Juul store.
That kind of thing.
If you're not in contact. how
do we know he's with Eddie now?
Gil and his stepbrother
share a room.
Yeah. he. uh. he left crazy
early Friday on his bike.
I. uh. I heard him
wake up. so I was like.
you know. "Where are you going?"
He said he'd see me at school
and that he was meeting
his father for breakfast.
His-his real father.
Gil's always had this crazy
idea about his real father.
I have tried to be
a good father to him.
You are a good father. Mark.
But not the one he wants.
Sarah will help you
with anything you need.
You ready? Yeah.
Mm.
Okay. so. um. how
does this work?
What's the first thing you do?
Well. Sarah. I...
Uh. it's okay if I
call you Sarah. right?
Yeah. sure.
Well. I think the first thing is
you tell me why you're lying.
Lying. Mr. Shaw? Colter. Please.
Colter. I don't know what
lie you're talking about.
Well. you told me you
hadn't spoken to Eddie
since your divorce.
You also said he got arrested
for robbing a Juul store.
Juul's a company that
didn't exist nine years ago.
I notice things. It's my job.
Can we look at Gil's room?
Uh. yeah. it's just... up here.
I-I do talk to Eddie.
Not a lot. but. um
sometimes.
A couple weeks ago. he emailed.
said he'd cleaned up.
he was getting
his life together.
He wanted to talk to Gil.
You let him?
I did.
Gil's always saying
how he misses his dad.
you know.
how he wishes he'd
gotten to known him.
so they've been texting.
I had no idea Eddie
would take him.
Hey. Sarah...
It's a camping trip.
It's about the only father/son
thing he ever managed.
You mind if I take this?
No. And I'd love a more
recent shot of Gil.
Maybe a school photo?
And his phone number.
I should have told
Mark about Eddie.
about him wanting
to contact Gil.
But... I was afraid.
You... you were afraid.
Afraid he'd be upset?
Become violent?
No. God. no.
Afraid it would break his heart.
Hang on. Let me get
you that picture.
You're fine. Colter.
You're A-OK.
Never let panic take the wheel.
Attaboy.
Yo. what's good?
I need your help.
I'm great. Colter.
Thank you so much for asking.
Come on. Bobby.
It's an emergency.
Yeah. it always is
with you. isn't it?
I got a missing teenage boy.
Made a runner with
his birth dad.
I need everything you can find.
You're late.
Addresses. aliases.
phone numbers.
Name's Edward Brown.
Couldn't find
something more generic?
Guessing John Smith
wasn't available?
Are you gonna bust my balls
or are you gonna help me?
I'm still trying to decide.
Middle name is Monroe.
He was born
somewhere in Indiana.
at least according to his ex.
All right. I can work with that.
Listen. I also need
a text exchange taken
from a cell phone.
Can you do that if we
don't have the device?
Sure. Though it takes us
into a legal gray area.
So that's gonna cost you double.
Double? Wh...
Do I need to remind
you that your sorry ass
wouldn't even be here
if it weren't for me?
Guessing you do
have to remind me.
since you do it
every time you call.
Okay. fine. double.
You're the worst.
Nope. The best.
It's why you keep calling.
Come on. we have to
go. Let's go. now.
Russell.
We can't go without Mom.
You never contradict me!
Never! Hey!
Dad!
Okay. Eddie.
Let's see what you have
to say for yourself.
Welcome to Burger Bin.
May I take your order?
What can I get for you?
Oh. uh. nothing for me. thanks.
Listen. I was just
wondering if you can tell me
what time you guys open
on weekday mornings.
Uh. I don't know. man.
You don't-you don't
know when you open?
Do you want food?
Uh. how about the. uh
the security camera by
the drive-through window
do you know if that
thing stays on all night?
Dude. I don't know.
Look. I'm trying to help a
family find a missing child.
I would really love to look
at that footage if I could.
Hey. Patty.
Yeah? Hi.
Can this dude look at the camera
footage for the drive-through?
Oh. You know. I would have to
check with corporate on that.
And how long you
think that would take?
I'm not sure. I'm
sorry. who are you?
You know what? Uh.
don't-don't worry about it.
It's okay. I'm fine. Thank you.
Hello. What can I get for you?
Hey!
Whoa! Sir? You can't
be in there. Excuse me.
Excuse me! Break's over.
Hi. could you please help me?
Oh. thank goodness you're here.
He just barged right in there.
Sir? In just a minute.
He's in there.
Come out of there.
Hold on a sec.
All right. buddy.
come on out of there.
Yeah. one second.
Hang on.
Okay. pal. long enough.
Come out of there.
- I'll be right there.
- Did you-did you...
Sarah. listen. listen to me.
Did you-did you find him?
Sarah.
I just sent you a photo.
Did you look at it?
Wh-What? I need you
to look at the ph...
What?! Sarah. look at the photo.
We're coming in. Just
give me a minute!
Do you know him?
No. No. I-I don't know
him. Stay where you are.
The man who took Gil
is not his father.
Aah! What the hell? No.
Guys.
Chill out. It's not morning.
Oh.
Oh. it's Colter. Mm?
Hey. Colter. Yep.
He's in jail.
What? Yeah. Hold on.
I got you. I'm gonna
go get a pen. For?
All right. Yeah. I got it.
Hey. do we have a lawyer we can
get to the Pacific Northwest?
Tonight? Of course tonight.
Hold on. Colter. I got
you. No. no. I got you.
No. I won't go. All right.
And she wants another one.
Okay. look. Officer...
Amini. right?
This is a bit of
an overreaction.
don't you think? I-I
got a little worked up.
You resisted arrest. Resisted...
No. no. I did not resist arrest.
I-I was... I was grudging.
I was somewhat grudging.
Turn to your right. please.
This was after you broke
into the Burger Bin.
Oh. come on. I didn't break in.
"Break in" has such a
negative connotation.
Turn to your left.
You know I'm working
with a family
to help find a missing child?
So you said.
You collect rewards. right?
A mercenary?
No. I prefer the term
rewardist. actually.
Is that a term?
Look. you need to watch
that footage that I found.
That boy thought he
was meeting his father.
That wasn't his father.
We need to find the
man on that video.
I'm sorry.
Uh. are you giving me
instructions right now?
Because it sounded like you
were giving me instructions.
No. I'm not... Yes! Maybe I...
Time is of the
essence. You know?
Why do you care?
I mean. you found
the tape. right?
So if and when the
child gets rescued.
that information will
lead to his safe return.
Yeah. So? So you'll
get your money.
That's what you
care about. right?
Let's go.
Hey. when can I make bail?
When the county brings
charges. Thursday. maybe.
Thursday?!
Okay.
Well. thanks. Sam.
No. I understand.
Oh. yeah. no. tha...
Tha-Thanks. Frank.
Sorry about that.
Frank Davis can't do it?
He's dead.
That was Frank Junior.
Oh.
Reenie. How are you?
Yeah. You guessed it.
Colter. Mm-hmm.
Hold on. Reenie. one sec.
What is wrong with you?
We can't send Reenie Greene.
He'll kill us. Come on.
What? Why?
That's great. Reenie.
Uh. check your email
in five minutes. okay?
All right. Bye.
He is seriously gonna kill us.
Oh. my God.
Reenie! Nope.
What? You don't
get to talk to me.
Well. aren't you my lawyer?
Morning. My name's
Reenie Greene.
I'm representing the
pathological narcissist
in that cell over there.
I'm supposed to
get him out. but.
honestly. I don't know
how to feel about it.
Reenie. Mm-mmm.
No talking.
See.
we've known each other for
more than a few years now.
this handsome idiot and I.
But. you know. the
last time I saw him.
I'd hauled my ass
across the country
to lovely Akron. Ohio.
where I successfully
argued him out
of a witness-tampering
charge. which
maybe you don't know
is not exactly Trial
Lawyering for Dummies.
And then something happened.
It was
different.
You know. we go to dinner.
the wine is flowing...
you know the score.
You're a man of the
world. And then.
guess who sneaks
off in the night
like a guilty frat boy?
Oh. can I please just add
a little bit of context?
No.
This was after I made
it very clear to him.
while everyone's
pants were still on.
that this was a high-class.
Harvard Law-level bitch
he was dealing with.
not some back country.
doe-eyed sweetheart.
Greenie. I had work. A
woman had been abducted
from her hospital bed. Shut it.
There you go. And then my
phone runs out of juice
and I'm stuck here with... Okay.
I think maybe I'll
just get going.
No. Reenie. wait.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I apologize.
Not accepted.
So. you're not gonna
get me a hearing?
I just came from the hearing.
What?
My cousin Angela's ex-boyfriend
clerks for a judge on the
Klamath Superior Court.
She got us in first
thing this morning.
So I'm free to go?
Mm-hmm.
I'll let you know when
there's a court date.
I should be in town a
couple days at least.
Oh.
You want me to swing by?
Oh. my God. No.
I'm gonna visit
the Air Force museum
in Pine Grove.
get something fun for my dad
'cause I was an Air Force brat.
Grew up on bases
all over the world.
Oh. no kidding. I
didn't know that.
Oh. well. why would you?
You never asked.
You're out? How are you out?
Did you watch the video
from the drive-through?
I did. yes. And
you were correct.
The kidnapper is
not Eddie Brown.
So. you put an APB out on...
I put out an APB on the guy.
Good. And Gil's bike?
Uh. it was in a
dumpster on Lincoln.
And we're checking
it for prints.
What about the family?
I'm sorry?
Did you send an officer
over to the house?
Make sure everyone's
comfortable and safe?
They got another kid there.
No. Um...
Yes. That would be kind.
I'm surprised.
Surprised that I'm good at this?
Me being just a
mercenary and all?
Honestly. I'm surprised
that you give a damn.
I know everything you're
thinking right now.
Just tread carefully.
All I'm gonna say.
Dude. I called you.
like. a thousand times.
I thought this was important.
Yeah. I was in jail. Oh.
Anything fun?
Broke into a
fast-food restaurant.
barricaded myself in the office.
Sounds about right.
Did you find Eddie Brown or not?
I did.
Just a heads-up: There's no way
this guy took that kid.
Yeah. I already
figured that out.
Someone's impersonating him.
Someone who knows him well
enough to trick his kid.
Correction. Knew.
Sorry. what?
Someone who knew
him well enough.
Edward Brown's been
dead for six months.
We don't love
the term "halfway
house." Mr. Shaw.
It's a residential
reentry center.
These men are here because the
state says they have to be.
as a condition of their release.
Gentlemen.
A visitor.
Eddie? Yeah.
everybody knew Eddie.
Guy spent enough time here.
We used to call him the Mayor.
Yeah. the Mayor of Nowhere.
I remember the last time
he checked out of here.
Said he was never gonna
touch nothing again.
Three days later. he was
dead from an overdose.
What about him?
That's Jack Horvath.
Nasty piece of work right there.
He know Eddie?
I said everybody knew Eddie.
Is there any reason this
Jack Horvath would want
to kidnap Eddie's son?
He impersonated Eddie.
then he snatched the kid.
It's that damn money.
Yo.
Yeah. that's it. Yeah.
What money?
Oh. it's this story
Eddie liked to tell.
You know. every once in
a while he'd get onto it.
how when he finally got
back out on the street.
he'd go dig up his money.
We'd kinda rib him...
Yeah... You know. like.
"What money?"
But he said he had a
couple hundred thousand
from some drug
deal he got in on.
Yeah. he buried the cash
up in. um. where was it?
Sun Pass State Forest. Like
some-some meadow up there.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. But there
was-there was no money. though.
Yeah. but he said
he buried it in a special spot
and he'd never forget where.
'Cause he'd been there on
the best day of his life.
The day he took his boy camping.
Monitoring stations
show Horvath's pickup
entering Sun Pass
at 4:45pm on Friday.
Presumably he's still
up there with Gil.
looking for this buried cash.
State police are ready to
go in and get your son.
Sun Pass has got
to be 20.000 acres.
How will you find him?
We've got helicopters. sir.
We've got plenty of
trained officers.
We'll find him. No.
A show of force
is the wrong move.
Not only does this guy
have a history of violence
and instability. by now
he's exhausted and confused.
Who are you?
Who is this?
He's a. uh. rewardist.
A what?
Never corner a dangerous animal.
You go in guns blazing.
there's no telling
what the hell this
guy's gonna do.
I'll go in there. I'll
quietly track them.
I'll get Gil out of harm's
way. without the danger
and unnecessary risk
of an armed response.
Yeah. but you don't
know where they are.
Well. I think I do. actually.
You know where this is?
Yeah. Okay. hold on.
We're not making any decisions
based on the input of
some treasure hunter.
We wouldn't have gotten this
far if it wasn't for Colter.
Right?
Yes.
Can we do it his way?
You get two hours.
Not one minute more.
So. I got to know.
How does a person
become a reward seeker?
It's a steady living.
Everyone's looking
for something.
That's what you say. isn't it?
That's your clever.
charming little line you use
whenever somebody asks.
But
doesn't actually answer
the question. does it?
Come on. Why spend
your life on the road.
solving strangers' problems?
Uh. my childhood was. um
unusual.
Both my parents were
professors at Berkeley
till there was this
incident with my dad.
Not something that gets
explained to a kid.
So. he took us to
live off the grid.
at this cabin.
It was. uh. a
compound. actually.
by the Sierra National Forest.
It was. uh
it was an adventure.
And my dad...
I don't know. he started to
talk about these people
that were out to get him.
About how we all
had to be prepared.
Taught us how to track.
How to hunt.
Taught us to free climb
at this place he
called Devil's Notch.
Then. one night. my mom was out.
I was 15. Russell
had just turned 18.
My sister Dory was nine.
We have to go. Now. guys.
They're coming.
What? Who's coming?
Let's go.
Where are we going?
Get your go bags.
You know what to do.
But Mom's not here.
She'll find us. hon.
We can't go without Mom.
You never contradict me!
Never!
Hey!
Get off her!
Dad!
I'm sorry.
I'm so stupid.
It's me they want.
I'll go.
Dad.
Dad. wait.
Dad!
Let him go. Colter. No.
It's better off he
never comes back.
He's getting worse.
man. you know it.
Better off if he died.
How could you say that?
Okay. you stay here
with Dory. I'll get him.
My mom got home an hour later
and they still weren't back.
So. I went out to
find my father.
But you couldn't find him.
It was dark and
you were just a kid
and despite all the
training he gave you.
you couldn't track him
and he disappeared.
And that's why you've
spent the rest of your life
helping other people
find what they lost.
No. I did.
I found him.
Hey. Colter...
We're here.
Up the road about
a mile and a half.
Hey. Colter
be careful.
Gil. Gil.
I'm Colter.
Your parents sent me.
They sent me to get
you home safe. okay?
Really?
Yeah.
Hands up. Drop the gun.
On your knees. now.
Jack. right? You're Jack?
It's okay. You okay?
Yeah. I'm okay.
Put your hands behind your head.
Do it.
I know how you're feeling.
You're pissed. right?
This kid brings you out here.
supposed to show you
some special place
where Eddie buried the money.
You're out here digging for
a couple days now. right?
Truth starting to dawn on you?
There's no money.
Did all this for nothing.
Who the hell are you?
I'm not the law. That's
the important thing.
This right here...
this is a kidnapping.
You know that.
right? Kidnapping?
Plus the use of a weapon in
a commission of a felony.
you get caught.
you're never gonna
see the light of day.
But here's the good news.
Good news is the cops
gave me two hours
before they storm the park.
And right now... Can
I peek at my watch?
Yeah? Okay.
Oh. it's good. Jack. We're in
good shape. We got a half hour.
So?
So. here's the plan. okay?
You're gonna give me
the key to the cuffs.
I take Gil and I go.
And you get the hell out of
here before the cavalry arrives.
I need him as a hostage.
He's all I've got.
Well. what if he gets hurt?
Jack. what if he dies?
Now we're talking murder.
Come on.
Give me the key and go
while you still
have the half hour.
You think I can make it?
I think if you leave now. you
got a five. ten percent chance
of making it out of
here free and clear.
But if the cops show up. Jack.
and you got a gun pointed
at that kid's head.
there's 100% chance
you wind up in custody.
or. even worse. in the ground.
Come on. Jack. give me the key.
Come on.
Good. Good.
Okay? Yeah.
All right.
Let's get you out of here.
Son of a bitch.
You tricked me!
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Wait. whoa. whoa! Wh...
I had half an hour.
I had a half an hour!
You all right? Yeah.
Hold on tight.
Stay down!
Come out with your hands raised!
It's over. Jack.
It's done.
Yeah.
Yeah. I know.
Stay down! Stay down!
We need backup.
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah?
Okay.
We're gonna be okay.
It's gonna be a while. though.
They got to land that helicopter
or they got to get
boats in the water.
Either way. we're looking
at about a half an hour.
That's if this truck doesn't
slide off of here
in the meantime.
You a strong swimmer?
Huh? So-so.
So-so.
So-so's okay. Uh...
I'm a pretty strong swimmer.
Thing is. I got shot.
I'm losing a lot of blood.
which means I'm
losing a lot strength.
Pretty soon it's gonna be
impossible for me to swim.
So if we let go now...
Let go?!
If we let go right now.
I give my odds of
swimming us both
to safety about 95%.
The longer we wait.
the lower those odds get.
You trust me?
Okay.
Okay. we let go on three.
You got to be brave. all right?
Okay. One.
two. three!
Aah!
Hey.
I got antsy. all right?
I'm sorry you got clipped.
And what about the kid
that almost got killed?
You sorry about that?
Hey.
This is for you.
You earned it. Colter.
Thank you.
Thank you. Actually.
though. I just came by
to check on Gil.
How you doing. pal?
My father's dead.
Yeah.
Mine too. actually.
But. hey. you have
something that I didn't.
You got a hell of
a stepdad here.
Heck. Sorry. Heck of a stepdad.
You got a lot of good
people around you.
Lean on the people you got.
You all be good.
Thank you.
Hey. REENIE: You
are one lucky guy.
Whatever you did on
this case. the locals
no longer want your
head on a pike.
You're free to go.
That's great. that's great news.
Listen. Reenie. I
just want to say...
Save it. honey.
You know what the problem
with you is. Colter Shaw?
You're so damn interesting.
And most of the
work I do is not.
That. my friend. is
the problem with you.
Thank you?
Just tell your two wranglers.
the next time. I'm
first on the list.
All right. Your turn.
My turn for what?
Origin story.
How does a woman like
you become a cop?
What? Shut up.
What's wrong?
I was too late.
Somebody already adopted Pawla.
Isn't that a shame?
You know what.
don't gloat. Teddi.
That's just mean.
Oh. my God.
You didn't.
All right. you're
trouble. I can see it.
Oh. my God.
I love you so much.
I love you. too. Thank you.
Okay. It's really. it's
it's too many dogs. No.
No such thing. Check this out.
I got something for our boy.
♪ I'm a man on fire...
♪ (phone buzzing)
♪ Walking through your street ♪
♪ With one guitar and
two dancing feet... ♪
Ooh! Who's your friend?
Uh. hold on a second.
♪ That's left in me... ♪
So. listen. um...
I know.
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Come dance with me... ♪
All right. what do we got?
Dr. Sam Lookingbill.
42-year-old cardiologist
and father of three.
missing from his clinic
in Colorado Springs
since Monday.
♪ I want to see your
bodies burning ♪
♪ Like the old big sun ♪
♪ I want to know what
we've been learning ♪
♪ And learning from ♪
♪ Come dance with me ♪
♪ Over heartache and rage ♪
♪ Come set us free ♪
♪ Over panic and strange ♪
♪ I want to see your
bodies burning ♪
♪ Like the old big sun ♪
Dad.
♪ What we've been learning ♪
♪ And learning from ♪
Russell! What did you do?
♪ Over heartache and shame. ♪
Colter.
Oh. Well. I wish I'd
known you were coming.
Mom.
What is it?
What happened?
Russell called.
You spoke with your brother?
No. I ignored him.
But he's not gonna quit.
I was wondering if he
reached out to you. too.
No. No.
He said there's
something I need to know.
Mom. if there's
something that you know
about Russell or Dad
that I should know. I
need you to tell me.
And I need you to trust me.
Block that number.
Ignore him.
Mom...
I have asked very little
of you over the years.
Leave it be.
For everyone's sake.
Now come on.
Come on inside and
have something to eat.
I don't suppose you're
able to stay the night.
I got to get to
Colorado Springs.
Yeah.
Captioning sponsored by CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by Media Access
Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org